
To perform DOS and DDOS attacks on a system by CLI and by any tool.


Author : Syed Alfran Ali
	

DOS:

Naive way: 

ping the website and get the IP Address

For eg: ping www.iiitkota.ac.in -t
Now type “ping -f www.iiitkota.ac.in -s 65500”
Run the command for hours. If possible use multiple computers to run the same command at a same time.
Now, when you visit the website after 2 or 3 hours, you will find the “website is temporary down” or “server unavailable” message.


My OS: KALI LINUX

In kali there are many tools for dos attacks. Some of the mini list is shown in the pic uploaded.
/usr/share/exploitdb/platforms/windows/dos   ...This is one of the path to see the list in kali.

Other tools:
HOIC : HOIC uses a HTTP flood using booster files that enable a small number of users to effectively DoS a website by sending a flood of randomized HTTP GET and POST requests.

XOIC: The user simply needs to set the IP address and port of the target, select a protocol (HTTP, UDP, ICMP, or TCP), then begin to fire away!

HULK: This tool is capable of bringing down web servers. This tool uses various obfuscation techniques to limit the ability of the target to mitigate the attack. 

More other tools: UDP Flooder, RUDY, ToR's Hammer, 8Pylori, OWASP Switchblade, DAVOSET, GoldenEye HTTP DoS Tool, THC-SSL-DOS (Screen Shot Attached)


DDOS:
Find the IP address of the website you want to attack using “ping www.iiitkota.ac.in -t”

Now type “ping -f www.iiitkota.ac.in -s 65500” on more than 2 computers.

Run the command for hours. If possible use multiple computers to run the same command at a same time.
Now, when you visit the website after 2 or 3 hours, you will find the “website is temporary down” or “server unavailable” message

It will take less time than DOS, but CLI is very slow process for attacking websites. Instead we can use tools mentioned above for DOS, they have options for DDOS too.


Another cool tool in Kali for DOS and DDOS attacks is ettercap(screenshot attached)
Another online available github source is pentmenu(screenshot attached)

For checking weather the site is down for only you or for everyone enter the link in the following site space:
http://downforeveryoneorjustme.com/
